And he said to me, "In this upper valley of this mountain, there is a beautiful holy place of Guru
Padmasambha. But if you like to go, I will help you. I will help you."
She said that. She said that and she walked. Walked that direction. So I followed up her hair, this
bhukkhani or this naan bhukkhani.
And then so kind of well, I'm following, she turned out and she said, "This is a really special
substance that you can walk past."
She said that and she put something to his feet, feet like ointments.
Then, the moment he put that on his feet, then I kind of almost flying. I flew.
I mean, I flew and there's like beautiful area that I arrived, I'm here and here, arrived, arrived.
Beautiful rainbow lights, shimmering rainbow lights. There's so many beautiful flowers.
Their patterns are just glowing but shimmering. All the area is like glowing and also so soft, kind
of soft and almost like dancing clothes, dancing for this kind of clothes and that.
And when I look to my body, it looks like mirror images, my body like mirror images.
Then, I went, there is in the middle of this beautiful building like forest, forest.
And this bhukkhani, bhukkhani pointed out to that, that forest or that big mansion, mansion.
And this nail of this building is nakachunzi, nakachunzi. Nakachunzi means the big of the garuda.
Think of the garuda as nose, nose, nose. Whatever you do, break, inspiration, it will be fulfilled,
she said that.
At the front of the door, there is so many dancers. Dancers are dancing and so many watchers are
flying to you.
When I went inside of the temple, that mansion and all the 35 Buddhas, Buddhas of the compassion,
Buddhas are all there and they are kind of almost everyone is talking.
In my mind, I thought this cannot be women who are all women, this is something different.
And then, I went 37th floor of that building, that mansion.
There is then the perfect old adherakas, adherakas, the assembly detail of the adherakas as
reflecting sun in the water.
That it just can't even, the glory is so horrible that it's difficult to look careful of that.
At that time, there is one lady came, came, came and she is holding the scarf up and green ribbon,
green scarf, not ribbon, scarf, she came.
And she pulled up from there, she brought also, she brought two box, two box, two box and kind of
both are stuck on one after another.
And one box is kind of turning on the right side and one box is turning on the left side.
And inside the boat, she brought some red liquid, red liquid and she gave me that red liquid.
And without any hesitation, with devotion, I drank that red liquid.
And then in my mind, I thought this lady must be Vaidya Varahi, Varahi, Varahi and I thought this
is really suspicious.
And then they said that Bhutani that was accompanying with him, that was, I think, oh, she said, oh
, you are so fortunate, you are so fortunate, fortunate, you received all these things, she said.
And then again that, that, that dakini that who hold the scarf up and green scarf, scarf, and she,
she, she gave me, she, sorry, she hold five dollars of the, five dollars of the was bumba, V-A-S-E,
was, and from there she pulled, pulled the water
and they said, I'm going to give the empowerment and purify your observations.
And so when she did that, I asked that none, the Bhutani.
And, and we, please tell me where, where, which country this is, which country this is.
When he asked that and Bhutani told me, told me this is the, is the, the Copper Glory Mountain.
It's lot of real land, and this, you know, this, travel this building, building or the mansion,
where somebody is leaving, leaving.
And this is the direction, and so in the north, and west, this all the city of the cannabis, there
is so many also emanate from some of us, from some of us, some of us, and so many us.
And we are this very detailed kind of mansion in those that I want to go there.
But then when she said that I was so excited and happy, I was jumping up and down, down and looking
all the directions, I was so happy.
And then what, then I looked all the way there's a place.
What is that? This area is kind of so dark and very dull looking. What is that?
And she said, and this, then she said, that is the, the, the Pungo area, where the birthplace of it
, the Yasunya Bahim Sahar, that area, she said.
And then, and then I said to this Bhutani, I, now I don't really need to go back to my country.
My country, I'm glad to stay here. Please help me to stay here. So, so he like to immigrate here.
And so, please help me to stay here. And he said, no, this is your vision and your dream.
This palace, you cannot stay now. Now, she said that, she said, you cannot stay.
And then I looked to the every direction, it is glowing shimmer.
So I went on the top, the top of the palace, top of that mansion, there is Gurbel Masambha.
So powerful, so majestic, so dignity, as the glowing sunlight that, and yes, it is even hard to
look, look to eye as you can look to the clearly to the sun as that.
And Gurbel Masambha is sitting with the economic mother.
In the, in the, in the economic mother, he is holding long life was, was.
And in the, in the Gurbel Masambha was surrounded by many, many, many dharas, who was wearing those
lama hats.
Many, some I can recognize and some I cannot recognize.
And whether I recognize, no, and whether I can recognize or not recognize, everyone says very happy
to see me.
They are kind of happy, and they speak, kind of making beautiful eyes, because prayers, and they
are playing them, the ritual object.
And also same time from the sky, so many raisins are coming, raisins, raisins, raisins, raisins
that you eat, raisins and the dates, dates are really coming as a range.
And everything is falling like in front of whatever you like to step, all is coming, coming.
And you don't have to make teas, you can have teas, you don't have to make tambas or tambas in it.
I don't know you saw the tambas, how they eat, they make tambas in the bowl and then with the hand
they make like dough.
So here you see, you don't really have to do that effort, it's all coming like this in front of you
.
And also it starts losing, it starts playing, it's so beautiful.
And then my kind of conception of solitude is completely disappeared.
Is subcontinent as a kind of natural arising, that mindfulness is so common source, clearly,
clearly believed.
At that time, Gurbel Masambhava gave me a lot of many blessings.
And then he gave also many teachings.
And one of the teachings he said, "Omar home."
And at the end he said, "Om," I just asked him, kind of breathing, "Om," he started with the brave
brothers.
It's the relative truth of the, not K-N-O-T, not of the current channel of the relative truth must
be released.
And the movement of the emotional wind starts.
And the essence element of the white and red are beyond of the complex cities or the blue of any
aspectus.
All that is concentrated within the central channel of the central channel with westerns.
The day and the night are in the great luminous state.
And that is the all accomplished in the college of the Pemambhajar, which is the name of Gurbel Mas
ambhava.
So that is absolutely Gurbel Masambhava, which is in several levels within every college of the n
atures.
And that which is also completely within the great Dzokha-Chingokha, perfect state.
And then in the same, he said, "Pay, pay."
And that Gurbel Masambhava said, "At that moment, my consumption completely merged in the pure
state of the true natures."
And then when that happened, afterward, I looked back to the Gurbel Masambhava again.
And that moment, I see there is no subject and objects are all merged in one status.
And every direction, there is nothing substantial, solid existence, solid existence.
All is within the one Dharmakaya status.
So it remained in that locked space for a long time.
And then I am able to see that so many Vidyadharas, countless Vidyadharas, one after another.
And then I found the second flow of that measure.
In the way I saw the Buddha Aktrovias and at the seven Vedas and Buddhas, they are all there.
They are clearly, I saw them.
And then I was scared of the verandas of that mention.
There is also many levels, the kind of rooms.
But one of those verandas went there and all the Dharmaparas did.
And all the Mahakalas, all the Mahakalas.
And then there is also one area, there is also mentions of the life of the blood.
And as well as all the many kind of weapons, so powerful, so frightful.
There is the Rahula and the Duryadhava, Duryadhava, Duryadhava.
They are all there, they are kind of smiling to me.
And then in every direction I looked, everything is really like shimmering and translucent status.
There is not all that.
Again, I went to the Duryadhava and the Mahasambhava.
He gave me the instructions of the three Gaiyas and as well as many of the Doki teachings.
And then I received those teachings in unforgettable memories that I received.
And then I feel so happy, so delighted, delighted and so happy.
And that moment I got to some other places.
And the place there is just everything is kind of dark, so not dark.
Every that area is yellow and green tokens.
And there are so many beings are making prayers to Guru Mooji's words.
And in front of each of those beings, there is also the emanation of the Mahasambhava.
Accordingly, there are signs of that.
And Guru Mooji gave me the teaching. And it made me stronger my devotion to Guru Mooji.
And then I asked again, where is this country, what this country is?
And she said, this is the outskirts of the kind of countries.
All the people who are here, they are non-retor status.
They are not going back to the samsara.
They are all non-retor status.
And they are the practitioners of the Guru Mooji's teaching.
Middle and mediocre and lower level of the practitioners.
But however, they never go back to the samsara.
Samsara.
And even though lower levels of the low grade of practitioners,
to compare with the practitioners in the human world,
they are the rainbow body. They almost achieve the rainbow body status.
And when I look kind of straight, a short time,
and look every up in the sky, dawn in the earth,
everything is radiating, shimmering in the white and red colors.
And all the rivers are singing or making noise,
sound of the ari in the garlic, such as ari, gakan gagan, all of that.
Then I asked again, what this country is, this country is.
And she said, this country is known as the country that we keep purifying,
habije pejan, of the suffering, instantly controlled.
And she said, all these people resist the empowerment and teaching of the Guru Mooji.
And she said, there are many different countries.
There are five different countries.
And all the people who are born in this country,
they resist also teaching, and not just that,
but they resist blessing objects, such as Dharma medicine.
They all have that.
So now they are very excited and good status.
They are going to do a soon go higher stage of the realizations.
And then in my mind, I thought, wow, that's really true,
to compare in the human world, how wonderful, how joyful this place is.
I said that.
And then immediately, kind of soon after that change,
I was in again another place.
There are so many horses, horses of the conch shell,
horses and birds of the turquoise.
And the yak and the cross of yak and cow is called zu.
So there are zu and yaks of the gobblers.
And golden fishes.
And turquoise, ebbets.
And mumi, mumi is another semi-precious.
I don't know anything, but that mumi, barbasa.
True, true.
And the procs.
Procs.
And silver grown hogs.
And the mouse.
Silver grown hogs and the mouse.
And there are so many other animals.
All are in different jewels.
Matter of the different jewels.
And what they're eating, they're eating their food,
is delicious green grasses.
And so many pros.
So many, the real of the murks.
And the beautiful, the metal of the many flowers.
And it just continues.
And all of what they're using, there's nothing in the negativity
that they have to do.
Negativity.
Everything is supposed to, they're just so beautiful.
So, so amazing.
And then I say to you, there's none.
How, what joyful life they have.
How this happens to them.
It happens to them.
And.
And this is all those are also animals in the world
who are connected to the chasing of a mermaid.
All that they bone in this, this, the head of.
That's what she said.
And then.
And then I arrived in some one places.
And all kind of become that vegan.
What my vegan experience, I changed.
Changed.
Now become that solid.
And all the, all the wings have become cold.
Cold.
And, and also the, the area is similar, almost similar
as human world.
And there is a kind of many also, what's called that name?
Just kind of sand in a gray, gray places.
Places, place, almost similar places.
Like as human world.
And I asked you this.
Where this country is, where is this?
And he said, she said, this is the edge of the kind of a country.
And, and those, these people who are here,
they are also really connected to the, all the teachings.
They even smallest way, minimum way, the teaching of the mermaid,
but gradually they will go to that, to that palace.
Palace to the, what's called the peak of the Garuda's nose
and walk that palace.
They gradually they will go there.
And from there we walk across the two, two more, two rivers.
And the two paths, P-A-S-S-E.
And from there, or no, so is your opportunity.
From there you walk two, two rivers, across the two rivers,
two paths, then you will, you're going to be arriving to the, to the beach.
And then, that's what she said.
And then very, that moment soon after we arrived, one area,
there is so many dogs, dogs.
Those dogs are very pridefuls.
And there is one old mom with white hair, wearing downer dogs,
but very majestic, majestic.
And he protected, he prevented dogs, dogs, dogs are attacking to us.
She prevented.
And then not just that, he called us up.
P-A-S-E.
And then, and then this old mom says,
"Oh, now from now on you will be free from the obstacles of the, of the dogs.
And I am the, one of the great master, Juni Vepa, or Akkara.
Gupta Akkara is one of the Indian great masters.
He is a disciple known as Kshatahiri, that I am.
I am that person."
So he said that.
And then, you know, I went with this nun.
We walked toward that way.
And there is so many mappas, so many mappas.
And they're all making kind of like big ceremonies.
And they made also very kind of happy that you see me.
They're all happy to see me.
They give me tea and they offer me also talk offerings and all that.
I asked again to this nun who they are, who they are.
She said, "Oh, they are, they are the old great thetums.
Those great thetums, such as Lungpa Goh, five Lungpa's, nine Lungpa's,
and five Trmamepa, and in Goto Chiwi, Nyara Nima Oza, Renzi Goh,
all those great thetums.
These are all those great thetums.
And this everyone, these monks, or these mappas,
and everyone really, as soon as they saw this nun,
they all make a poster to this nun.
And so I thought, "This nun, I've been long-time with him.
He's helping. I can't really ask who she is."
So I thought I should ask this one of the mappas, "Who is she?"
So I asked this one mappa, "Who is she?"
This nun. No.
He laughed. He laughed, said, "You've been long-time with her.
Still, you don't know."
And he said, "He laughed."
And then he said, "She is the mother of the--
mother of the--mothers of the Buddha of three times.
The way that you're reading."
That's what she said. That mappa said.
I feel so bad.
I didn't really do any respect to her.
"Hey, so I've made block stations. I've confessed to her."
I said, "I didn't recognize you before, and I'm so sorry for this."
And she said, "With good sound.
There's more melody sound than the trumpet or the flute."
And that's what she said.
And that is in the words. She said this one.
And she, in Guru Pima said at home.
That is the beginning of this.
She, she says.
Pure land of the Copper Glory Mountains, even you called.
But that is no other than your own nature of the mind with your physicals.
Guru Pima Sambab, again we say Guru Pima Sambab.
But absolutely Guru Pima Sambab is no other than your own natural mind.
This I just roughly addressed.
And all this displays of the variety of the colors in the displays
are display of one's own, own wind, wind, wind displays.
And we don't know all that as the source of this.
When you see so many things, then we hold.
Those are distinctly, all distinctly, are separated.
Discriminately we hold these.
If you start thinking of everything as individual, all of that,
then you cannot really defend yourself.
Yourself.
And when you're not thinking, reflect your own nature of the mind.
Even if you have the great courage and commitment, you cannot benefit others.
We didn't have the realization of the true net.
Gaius and the wisdom is one's own nature of the mind.
Even if you can speak so well, you won't get enlightenment.
Meanwhile enlightenment.
And up, up these mountains, between these all the trees and forests sitting,
and lower down all the rivers and the while or the joining of the valleys,
those all are display of one's own mind.
Mind.
Don't forget, keep that in mind.
And then she says, "Ah, ah, ah, three times."
And then again I said, I tell rakfuji to you.
I'm so sorry, I did not recognize to you.
Again, she said, more beautiful voice than the measurements, she said.
And she said, ri, ri, all is true what you said,
but it is the conception of ignorance.
And when the baby looked, or when child looked the mirror
and making the commentaries on what you see on the mirrors,
mirrors, but reality is mirror images.
When those bigger person, poor people, don't recognize
the gold is inside their own houses.
When you don't recognize your own display,
people are diluted in a part of cities.
And everyone is caught by one's own creation as like cocoons.
And now it's time, time to release all those thoughts
as snake release is all not by itself.
Similarly, this mind and the mind and the appearance
are inseparable. It's display of one's own mind.
All are clear like luminosity and simultaneously
the probability of both samsara and nirvana.
And I am the mother of the old true natures,
or mother of everyone.
Externally, I am Dakini of the Samitunis.
In worldly, I am the 21 Aras.
And secondly, I am the five Dakinis.
And similarly, I am the great mother of the Dharmakaya.
And externally, I am the 12 Dhammas,
which is protector of the Tibetan, or protector of the Tibetan,
or protector of the Dharmam.
And inwardly, I am Vayyavara.
Secret level, I am Ishim Swatyam.
There is no difference between the Buddha, Sami, the Buddha and me.
Again, moreover, externally, I am the five elements,
or mother of the five elements.
In worldly, I am the five offering goddesses.
In the secret level, I am the Mama Ekachathas.
And again, all that is display of the true nature.
All pervasive, all real, all performing,
and all free from the Substantials.
And channels, the winds and essence elements are within me, or me.
I am the channel essence and winds.
Don't forget that, and keep that in mind.
That's what she said.
She said, at that moment, when she said that, at that end moment,
then I woke up, gradually in mind.
And when I woke up, I said, mother, mother, mother, mother,
I wish I didn't wake up.
I woke up, and I still did that dream,
how is, how that nice, how this nice.
But I woke up, and I started writing down this all,
all in the life of the butter land, writing down this.
And so that's what I wrote.
But the afterword, generally, out in here, let's quote.
I went many times to the Cup of Glory morning with my dream yoga practices.
And each time it's not always the same, but it's different.
Different, different, the same.
And also when you're sitting in the garden,
but here, also a variety in the mud.
I don't know what the reason, those kind of different displays,
maybe it's due to my own channel and wind displays.
And then similarly, I went with the dream yoga.
Dream yoga in the east, pure land of the Buddha Veda Sattva,
pure land of the Rindasambhava, pure land of the Amitabha,
pure land of the Amoghasiddha, and pure land of the Buddha Veda Jana,
as well as Bodhala, Jahnogi, and even in the Buddha Gaya.
So many places, but then those all, it's too much to write it down,
it's too much difficult, but I went all that, those places.
That's what the master, what's it called?
The very master, Yatsun-Yungpo, said, this is his.
He was, also this is not his regular life story.
This is like very personal experience, life story.
That was, he wrote that.
And so now we talk a little bit about, I mean,
concluded this Yatsun-Yungpo, and then Yatsun-Yungpo.
Yatsun-Yungpo, so he's completely old,
he's African, completely purple, and he was a part of it, as I said.
Renowned as fully ordered monks, and always so humble, so simple,
and stayed in hermitage all the time.
And that's it, it's just a simple monk that will be.
And so, and that through that, he benefited to all beings,
directly, indirectly, directly.
And he established this monastery called the Pangari Monastery
in the Fungo area, which is still existing in here.
So that time, which is like 1959, before that, I think existing,
I don't know how it's existing now.
And there's many, also his disciples, from his relatives,
and as well as his reincarnation.
Particularly, then, his disciples.
The first one is Gampo-pa Hyabro-nurru-jempa.
It's one of the very renowned karmakari masters
or the reincarnation teacher, and Hyabro-nurru.
And then, later on, when he started teaching,
and both karmapar, the blood had karmapar,
the blood had karmapar, the blood had karmapar,
which is very famous, again, the blood had karmapar,
and the blood had karmapar, again, the blood had karmapar,
and the blood had karmapar, which is very famous,
and the blood had karmapar, which was very famous,
Now I'll talk maybe one more.